49 views | Speed unboxing Samsung Galaxy Edge 7 #asmr #unboxing #speedunboxing #lofi #samsung #s7edge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Stfy1Ni3Jcg

2,129 views | Unboxing Classic Blackberry Storm (2008) mobile phone - ASMR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBZF1Wth9X8

87 views | Satisfying with Unboxing & Review Miniature Ice Cream Toys Kitchen |ASMR Videos#shorts#unboxing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPQQI3CJYcI

8 views | NEW ✨ My Favorite Yellow ASMR Candy💛Toys Unboxing |  Magic M&M's Slime | Candy Toilet | Baby Shark
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7FMJSQbjBs

79 views | NEW ✨ My Favorite Blue ASMR Candy 💙 Toys Unboxing | Magic M&M's Slime | Candy Toilet |  Baby Shark
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lDYsWGVO8M

776 views | Aesthetic Journaling Supplies I LOVE! 🤩#art #artandcrafts #journaling #asmr #shorts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IfKzaGEn0fg

734 views | ASMR UNBOXING 🍫 10 Foreign Snacks & Chocolates | No Talking, Only Sounds! #MrAbolo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QN-H0f9vDBg

63 views | [🌟RAMEN ASMR🌟] 12 Minutes Satisfying with Unboxing Plant vs Zombie Doctor toys ASMR | Review Toys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QLD9b3dS-e4

59 views | ASMR + Harry Potter = Relaxamento Mágico com a Caixa Nerd ao Cubo Prisioneiro de Azkaban 🧙‍♀️🎧
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3iNKsCUDqs

4 views | NEW ✨ My Favorite Purple ASMR Candy 💜 Toys Unboxing | Ice cream candy | Milk bottle | Slime Mash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqJWBkM_lBg

36 views | [🌟RAMEN ASMR🌟] 💩 Pikfong Potty training Toy & Eating ASMR | Review Toys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x77Xkuv8wvw

36 views | Unboxing the Logitech RS QR Adapter - Satisfying ASMR Sounds 🎤📦
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9U0O-3_74Dg

26 views | [ASMR] Green Box 2-Card Pack | Demon Slayer Booster Box Opening (No Talking)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pD92AF_U--U

170 views | New 🔥 My Favorite  Red ASMR Candy ♥️✨ Toys Unboxing | Magic M&M's Slime | Candy Toilet | Baby Shark
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udcvTrrR0k0

153 views | Kinder Surprise Eggs JOY MARIO/Toys"Applaydu"-unboxing- opening/ASMR/Kinder Joy SuperMario auspacken
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JslJWxTJzQg

113 views | [🌟RAMEN ASMR🌟] 💩 Brainrot Potty training Toy & Eating ASMR | Review Toys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFKii9qdScU

103 views | [🌟RAMEN ASMR🌟] 🦷11 Minutes Satisfying with Unboxing Dentist Doctor toys & Ambulance | Review Toys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-V5yzSFk-ss

102 views | [🌟RAMEN ASMR🌟] 9 Minutes Satisfying with Unboxing Plants vs Zombie Dentist Doctor toys & Ambulance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KfJtpbAWyD4

1,632 views | Another Bond Box Review? Yup. But This One's ASMR & Honest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0a7rf4UKSs

1,192 views | tingly treasures: silver & gemstone asmr 💫
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=laLhi_mBOvE

